# What happened
- Saw Victoria off to Belgium at Earl's Court.
- Started work on Yappy Pawz, heavily relying Copilot Agent to build boilerplate NextJS/ React/ TypeScript/ Tailwind app.
- Asked Alex about his motivations for why he chose his tech stack.
- Ran 27:33 5k on a treadmill then did abs. My watch says I spent the last 20 minutes in zone 5. Feeling shattered from it, and concerned about my cardio health.
- Went to Royal China in Chinatown with my parents. It's their reopening since their old branches in Marylebone and Bayswater.
- Tried to scrape lowes.com for James, but hitting bot detection barriers trying to make requests via the terminal and `python requests`.

# Meaningful conversations
- Alex says his tech stack was informed by wanting to build as fast as possible, minimising the effort of working with unfamiliar techonology. This means choosing vendors that offer a manged service (e.g., as opposed to learning how to set up Postgres), picking a hosting provider integrated with deploymnents who would also provide DNS services out of the box.

    It reminds me of a conversation I had with an AI founder I had met at a GraphRAG conference with Neo4j. My approach to new tools is very conservative, wanting to understand innately how things function under the hood. He asked "why? You just need to interface with it and if it does what you want, that's enough".

    Not all of us require domain depth. It can be fine not to understand how something works under the hood.

# Lessons learnt and reflections
- Reading up on running advice. Run slow to run fast. Train around zone 2: 60-70% of your maximum heart rate. For me, that is 136-148BPM. This is around 6:30/km pace for me.

# Positives
- I feel good about my gym progress.

# Frustrations and anxieties
- Not feeling fit enough with my cardio. It reminds me of Benji saying that he runs faster when he's tired, so that the run finishes faster. I probably run faster when I'm more frustrated. I'll need to take this as a learning lesson.

# Word of the day
**Ersatz**. Being inferior imitation or substite; artifical, not genuine.